Meet established task time-lines for special assignments assigned by Supervisor. Efforts would include any emergency software or hardware updates and projects not tracked within the normal incident tracking queues. These tasks are typically communicated to the employee either verbally or electronically such as Microsoft Teams or Email with established timelines defined at that time. Ensure tasks and suspense's are met with a 95% on-time rate while providing the utmost quality and accuracy during the reporting period. Strive toward completing tasks ahead of schedule.

Routinely display courteous and tactful behavior. Project a positive and professional image of MSB. Provide advice that is timely, responsive and accurate. Maintain appropriate rapport with internal and external customers. Develops and establishes effective working relationships with all stakeholders both internal and external to HRC as required. These relationships are critical to promoting mission program’s and supporting accomplishment of HRC and MSB strategic goals. Keeps supervisor informed of difficult and/or controversial issues and unique problems. Takes actions to effectively solve problems before they have an adverse impact on the organization or mission avoiding no more than 2 valid stakeholder complaints during rating period.

Assess security events issued by appropriate authorized sources to determine impact and implement the corrective actions for workstation vulnerabilities. Documentation of assessments is consistently thorough, accurate, and timely. Provide information to appropriate personnel or groups as necessary to deal with and correct IT security violations.  Ensure to meet each security event timeline set forth by mitigation date and/or HRC approved date. Strive towards perfect compliance with no stop-gaps to mission and/or missing corrective actions.

Under limited supervision, prepare requested software packages for the RSN enterprise using specific programming languages like Microsoft C# and/or PowerShell. Developer analyzes, designs, codes, test and implements requirements set forth by customer to complete deployable packages by established timelines. Employee will develop code meting mission requirements without more than one code defect in Production releases per rating period.

Under limited supervision, thoroughly analyze requirements set forth by the customer. Analyze all options, recommend appropriate ways ahead for a solution. Evaluate, select, and validate systems software and hardware environments as a solution to a set of requirements within established requested standards. Employee will include leadership with options to complete the requirement within established timelines and standards, missing no more than one customer requirement during the rating period.